docs: typo fixes (#3119)
cube-js/cube.js: docs/content/Guides/Subquery.md

});
```

> Subquery requires you to reference at least one measure in the definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A subquery requires referencing at least one measure in the definition.
```

## Under the hood

> Based on subquery dimension definition, Cube.js will create a query that will include primary key dimension of main cube and all measures and dimensions included in sql definition of subquery dimension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the subquery dimension definition, Cube.js will create a query that will include the primary key dimension of the main cube and all measures and dimensions included in the SQL definition of the subquery dimension.

```

This query will be joined as a left join to the main SQL query.

> For example for `SalesManagers.dealsAmount` subquery dimension following query will be generated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when using the `SalesManagers.dealsAmount` subquery dimension, the following query will be generated:
```
